so today we're going to be having a
quick look at the razor abysus mouse so
this is a high precision optical gaming
mouse and razer does a great job of
their packaging so we can pretty much
tell you everything about this product
just based on what they've put on the
outside so first of all you've got a
handy little valve for a window in to
have a look at the mouse itself although
they even tell you how to pronounce it
so abyss Oz is abysus whatever okay it's
a noun derived from the something a
venomous pit viper subsidies found only
in the United States blah blah blah 3500
DPI 3.5 G's of acceleration awesome till
they've added a really good sensor to
even their value line of gaming mice
which is really cool because it means
that we're starting to see actually not
just from razer but a lot of really high
performance value gaming mice so here
you can see it's reiterated we've got
the 3500 DPI razor precision 3.5 g
infrared sensor three buttons tuned for
ultra responsive feedback so that means
you've got a left click or right click
and a middle click and then you've got
Hardware toggles for dpi and polling
rates that's always really nice to have
those are on the bottom of the mouse
though so on the higher end mice you'll
tend to find those buttons on the top ok
English digital ultra wide data path on
the fly sensitivity adjustment and the
dexterous design so they have released a
couple mice lately that don't have
completely ambidextrous designs but this
one is back to their roots a little bit
so you can use it with either your right
or your left hand it has a seven foot
lightweight non tangle cord that did it
okay you know what let's just get this
thing open and we will go from there so
I actually have ah my keys on me and I'm
going to use that to open red box here
and see normally I actually started
opening the box before I stopped talking
about the product so that I'll have
something to talk about while I'm
opening the box but today I didn't
really do that so yeah I fail anyway
let's have a look at the accessories
that are included with the abysus first
okay we have a like a black package here
clip to the back razor just such a great
job of packaging actually a great
example would be these like cosa mirror
unboxing
product showcase that I did you can just
see what a phenomenal job they do the
packaging some of their stuff so for
gamers by gamers Razer zone comm you
find our little pack here that has all
of our necessary stuff inside so on the
top you have a certificate of
authenticity this is a real Razer
product certified by Razer guy himself
next you have a Quick Start Guide which
basically shows you how to plug a USB
port in and it also tells you where all
the buttons are on the mouse great Thank
You Razer all right then you have a
master guide so that I don't know how
they managed to make such a fit guide on
a mouse but I'm going to guess okay I'm
going to go ahead and guess that it's
just in a bunch of different languages
and pretty much tells us what all the
buttons are and how to plug it into your
computer yes thank you oh no they give
you a pup this is kind of nice it's so
rare these days to see a hardware vendor
give you an actual instruction guide on
how to use the software so often they
just kind of throw you in and let you
sink or swim that's great okay then they
have a Razer product catalog so you
bought this one now by other Razer
products to match not a bad strategy
overall so they show you a bunch of
really cool stairs the light go Samir
I've unboxed that one
I've unboxed the Mako speakers which are
awesome by the way
okay then we've got some Razer stickers
and then we have the abysus so this is a
little bit of a card on this Mouse and
why it's so great it seems like it seems
kind of weird to sell a product on
someone who just bought it but maybe
that's part of the unboxing experience
as you're unboxing this product hey you
should feel good about buying this
because it's back to the basics quality
reliability performance no-nonsense
straightforward gaming grade
fundamentals that is what they are
saying about the abysus this is a
no-nonsense product meant for just
performance no frills no gimmicks just
gaming alright so let's get this up so
this is one of the first Razer products
that I've seen without a braided cord
but it is quite a flexible cord so
you're not going to find it getting
stiff when you're actually trying to
move the mouse back and forth and you
can see even if you're moving front to
back front to back you can bend it quite
easily there's not a lot of resistance
there
so here's a look at the top of the mouse
itself now I have quite small hands I'm
gonna get the cameraman to have a quick
zoom in here so you can see kind of from
the side what it will look like with my
hand on it so there you go it's a bit of
a smaller Mouse but that's typical of a
razor this is more of a claw tight grip
Mouse rather than a palming Mouse
because it's so short alright so here
are your hyper response buttons on the
top and razor buttons it's kind of a
love or hate sort of thing but they
usually have a very responsive trigger
on them they're not a very heavy click
and you can see that that trend is
continued here with the abysus the
scroll wheel feels quite nice and has a
rubberized grip on the top as does the
entire top of the mouse okay and then
let's go around to the bottom here so
here are our hardware switches for 125
Hertz or 1000 Hertz so it depends how
many times you want the mouse
communicating with your computer per
second and then you can also adjust your
dpi anywhere from 450 to 1,800 to 3500
depending on whether you are a low or
high sensitivity gamer they've also
included a couple of slippy pads on the
bottom they've got three on some of the
higher and mouse mice you'll find larger
pads but I mean you can only ask for so
much out of a value product and it is
enough for it to perform so thank you
for checking out my unboxing of the
Razer abysus